Add resource limit into K8s kernel pod template (#900)
jupyter/enterprise_gateway: docs/source/kernel-kubernetes.md

{% endif %}
```

### Kubernetes Resource Quotas

> When deploy kernel on Kubernetes cluster best practice should define CPU, Memory request and limit. All variable is passthru env when create new kernel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying kernels on a Kubernetes cluster a best practice is to define request and limit quotas for CPUs, GPUs, and Memory.  These quotas can be defined from the client via KERNEL_-prefixed environment variables which are passed through to the kernel at startup.
```

- `KERNEL_CPUS` - CPU Request by Kernel
- `KERNEL_MEMORY` - MEMORY Request by Kernel
- `KERNEL_GPUS` - GPUS Request by Kernel
- `KERNEL_CPUS_LIMIT` - CPU Limit
- `KERNEL_MEMORY_LIMIT` - MEMORY Limit
- `KERNEL_GPUS_LIMIT` - GPUS Limit

> Memory and CPU unit-based on [Kubernetes Official Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) and GPU is using NVIDIA `nvidia.com/gpu` parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memory and CPU units are based on the [Kubernetes Official Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/) while GPU is using the NVIDIA `nvidia.com/gpu` parameter.  The desired units should be included in the variable's value.

When defined, these variables are then substituted into the appropriate location of the corresponding kernel-pod.yaml.j2 template.
```

Reviewer: I think it might be good to include the section of the jinja template containing these parameters following this paragraph - similar to what is done for the volume mounts.  That way folks see the context of what is being discussed.
